c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\IEEETurkeySectionApp.dll
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\IEEETurkeySectionApp.pdb
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\IEEETurkeySectionApp_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\obj\Debug\IEEETurkeySectionApp.g.resources
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\obj\Debug\IEEETurkeySectionApp.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\obj\Debug\IEEETurkeySectionApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\obj\Debug\IEEETurkeySectionApp.dll
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\obj\Debug\IEEETurkeySectionApp.pdb
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\obj\Debug\committee.g.cs
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\obj\Debug\conferences.g.cs
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\obj\Debug\news.g.cs
c:\users\bahadırakın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\obj\Debug\stbranches.g.cs
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.UI.dll
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.UI.xml
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\obj\Debug\IEEETurkeySectionApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\obj\Debug\Page1.g.cs
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\obj\Debug\conferenceDetails.g.cs
C:\Users\BahadırAkın\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IEEETurkeySectionApp\IEEETurkeySectionApp\obj\Debug\newsDetails.g.cs
